So dad, why don't we celebrate our first day?
Good question.
How would you answer that at school?
Uh, because Jehovah doesn't like it?
Yes, but why?
Do you like presents and tricks?
But do you want them like this?
Birthday celebrations makes good things
with things Jehovah doesn't like.
Long ago, many people believed in good and evil spirits
and were afraid of them.
They thought presents and treats on their birth they could protect them.
And like today, they made wishes that only good things would happen to them.
What does the Bible say about birthdays?
It talks about them, but not good ones.
There was Pharaoh in Egypt and Herod in Gisoo's day.
They were proud rulers and had people put to death at their birthday parties.
Can you remember if Jesus celebrated his birthday?
Uh, no.
That's right. He didn't.
He told us to celebrate the date of his death because he gives us the hope of living forever.
And Jesus taught us to give good things to each other anytime we want.
Like... like today.
Good timing.